New page for reflection properties of HTMLTextAreaElement (#35664)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmltextareaelement/disabled/index.md

---
title: "HTMLTextAreaElement: disabled property"
short-title: disabled
slug: Web/API/HTMLTextAreaElement/disabled
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLTextAreaElement.disabled
---

{{ APIRef("HTML DOM") }}

> The **`disabled`** property of the {{DOMxRef("HTMLTextAreaElement")}} interface indicates whether this text area is disabled and cannot be interacted with. It reflects the `<textarea>` element's [`disabled`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/textarea#autocomplete) attribute. When `false`, this `textarea` may still be disabled if its containing element, such as a {{htmlelement("fieldset")}}, is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`disabled`** property of the {{DOMxRef("HTMLTextAreaElement")}} interface indicates whether this multi-line text control is disabled and cannot be interacted with. It reflects the {{htmlelement("textarea")}} element's [`disabled`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/textarea#autocomplete) attribute. When `false`, this `textarea` may still be disabled if its containing element, such as a {{htmlelement("fieldset")}}, is disabled.
```
